Added procedure in #1416 (#1816)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeServer/architecture/client-access/kerberos-auth-for-load-balanced-client-access.md

   ```

2. Although you don't have to do this immediately, you should eventually restart all client computers to clear the Kerberos ticket cache from the computer.

## Configure using gMSA Accounts

> Now Let's try to add a gMSA account to manage the infrastructure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now add a gMSA account to manage the infrastructure.
```

### Create ASA Account

> Create gMSA account and allow servers in the AD-group "Exchange Servers" access to it. The account name will be "exchangeASA"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a gMSA account and allow servers in the AD-group "Exchange Servers" access to it. The account name will be "exchangeASA".
```

    ```Powershell
    New-ADServiceAccount -DNSHostName "mail.contoso.com" -Name "exchangeASA" -KerberosEncryptionType AES128,AES256 -PrincipalsAllowedToRetrieveManagedPassword (Get-ADGroup -Identity "Exchange Servers") -SamAccountName "exchangeASA" -Description "Service account for Exchange servers to allow Kerberos authentication"
    ```

### Set gMSA account on servers

>     Create Credentials Objects with Blank password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Create credentials objects with blank password.
```

    ```Powershell
    $Credential = New-Object -TypeName System.Management.Automation.PSCredential -ArgumentList "contoso\exchangeASA$",(new-object System.Security.SecureString)
    ```
    

>     Get CAS servers and clear old ASA credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Get CAS servers and clear old ASA credentials.
```

  
    ```Powershell
    Get-ClientAccessService | Set-ClientAccessService -RemoveAlternateServiceAccountCredentials -CleanUpInvalidAlternateServiceAccountCredentials -Verbose
    ```

>     Get CAS servers and add gMSA as ASA credential

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Get CAS servers and add gMSA as ASA credential.
```

    ```Powershell
    Get-ClientAccessService | Set-ClientAccessService -AlternateServiceAccountCredential $Credential -Verbose
    ```

>     Verify ASA credential deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Verify ASA credential deployment.
```

    ```Powershell
    Get-ClientAccessService -IncludeAlternateServiceAccountCredentialStatus | Format-List Name, AlternateServiceAccountConfiguration
    ```

>     Set internal Auth method to "Negotiate" as this supports both NTLM and Kerberos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Set internal Auth method to "Negotiate", as this supports both NTLM and Kerberos.
```

    ```Powershell
    Get-OutlookAnywhere | Set-OutlookAnywhere -InternalClientAuthenticationMethod Negotiate
    ```

>      Pre-check if the SPN are in use (checks all AD-objects)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Pre-check if the SPN are in use (checks all AD-objects).
```

    ```Powershell
    ADObject -Filter '(servicePrincipalName -like "http/mail.contoso.com") -or (servicePrincipalName -like "http/autodiscover.contoso.com")' -Properties servicePrincipalName | Select-Object Name,servicePrincipalName
    ```

>     Set SPN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Set SPN.
```

    ```Powershell
    Set-ADServiceAccount -Identity "exchangeASA" -ServicePrincipalNames "http/mail.contoso.com","http/autodiscover.contoso.com"
    ```

>     Check afterwards that SPN are assigned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Check that the SPN is assigned.
```

    ```Powershell
    Get-ADServiceAccount -Identity "exchangeASA" -Properties servicePrincipalName | Select-Object Name,servicePrincipalName
    ```

>     Restart Client Access Service webpool and Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Restart Client Access Service webpool and Service.
```

    ```Powershell
    Foreach ($CASExchangeHost in (Get-ClientAccessService).name){
        Invoke-Command -ComputerName $CASExchangeHost -ScriptBlock {
            Restart-WebAppPool -Name MSExchangeAutodiscoverAppPool 
            Restart-Service MSExchangeServiceHost -Force
        } 
    }
    ```

> # Create Credentials object with blank password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create credentials object with blank password
```

> Note that this is not meant to run as a single script and has no error checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that these are not meant to run as a single script and has no error checks.
```
